Burning urge to conceive like animals blind in heat
But they're human all the same copulation compulsion to breed, just anatomy and instinct lust consumed but the product is a human life.
A malicious maternal seed spewed forth in precarious birth from the womb into the trash.
Precious, twisting life, crawling on the filth of the dumpster floor.
Only known to the mother in guilt, as she stumbles from the alley covered in flies.
With a ten mile stare dead to the world she never gave one fuck for the child inside... none.
Sucks the crack pipe in shame just to forget.
Yet with another hit, she's on the streets again in another life she once had hope.
But that went down the drain.
Along with her pride.
Nurses habitually resigned.
Tossing the carcass, in the waste bin death legally designed?
Or fixing the future with quick extraction?
Conceived and thrown away from womb into the waste.
Human trash, putrid, the bodies overrun.
Aborted removal, with cold precision.
Tools specifically designed forcing fetal termination.
Blind the morally enraged.
Bomb the clinic into oblivion.
Kill the killer they will say.
Justice through murder goes both ways.
Conceived and thrown away from womb into the waste.
One more girl, mortified.
Never knew what was growing within.
Obese, diseased, down on her knees she gave birth on the toilet seat.
Insert anesthetize.
Late term feticide.
Orphan spawned from rape.
Short lived, half a face.
Crackhead whore for host.
Hatching living ghosts.
Pregnant, drunk and high.
It was no surprise, when she left it there to die.
One more girl who could never conceive.
Psychopath, maternity-mad.
Took a steel bat to her mother's head, hacked her up and took the baby out.
One more girl, six months in, takes a hanger and a bottle of pills.
The pro-life priest has nothing to say as the embryo's scraped away.
Straight into the trash with the unborn offspring, generations dead in time, progeny unwanted.
Dead flesh pile a mass of cells, 10 more bags and the landfill swells.
Ripened mass fetal decay, no one cares were they human anyway?